well howdy there Internet people it's Bo
again tonight we're gonna talk about
adventure something I've been thinking
about a lot lately because of a few
conversations and Facebook sent me one
of those you know X number of years ago
today this happened and it was a photo
of me about to get water warhead was
part of a demonstration right after the
torture report came out about the u.s.
torture program and I had well let's
just call him another penitent former
foot soldier of the empire there to
waterboard me and he understood the
process and then a mountain of a man
named Cody to hold me down because we
really didn't have the right equipment
to do this and sitting up while being
waterboarded can be well just bad that
can be really bad and basically the plan
is they're just we're gonna show people
what it's really like and he is going to
beat the fire out of me and they're
gonna waterboard me we're standing there
talking about this and this kid not a
kid he's 20 21 I want to be waterboarded
you ask the right group of guys do what
waterboard yea you know whatever floats
your boat man and I'll be honest I
didn't expect him to go through with it
but he did he did and you know so we did
a real clinical version with him and
then we moved on to mine and then cops
broke it up but the point is that guy he
chose that moment to have an adventure
to do something crazy
and he chose to do it in service of
something greater than himself and yeah
he was an activist and he understood the
morality of what was happening and he
understood wasn't right but at that
moment I think it was about the
adventure I think it was about doing
something that was outside of the norm
doing something that well I mean years
later and he can tell that story there
are not a lot of people who have been
waterboarded there are even fewer who
have been waterboarded on the State
House steps voluntarily we're coming
into a period in American history that's
gonna require a lot of adventures I
think we're gonna see a lot of social
upheaval the likes of which we haven't
seen since the 1960s and this period the
next few years it's gonna set the tone
for decades to come it's going to define
the United States because we're at a
crossroads the adventures we choose to
take and the adventures we elect not to
take will define it and while I'm
thinking about all of this somebody
licks ice cream
and it's the same thing it's that same
drive man humanity not just men we have
a desire to push the envelope to have an
adventure to do something crazy and
because of the internet and everything
being available on demand at any time
you can see anything you want it's
really hard to do something out of the
norm you have to do something weird like
like ice cream and yeah it gets you that
story gets you that notoriety for
however long the viral video lasts there
are people in the comments section all
the time that ask you know what can I do
I don't know I don't know you I believe
in a diversity of tactics but I don't
know you I don't know your skillset I
don't know what you're capable of I
don't know what you're willing to do it
could be anything from donating to
lawyers to calling your senator to
marching to organizing a protest to
anything leafleting all kinds of stuff
it's like the resistance in the 1940s
you have to determine your own level of
involvement nobody can do that for you
if you let other people do that for you
you're gonna end up over your head
you're gonna end up in over your head
you've got to decide what you're willing
to do I hope that somebody decides and
somebody has the skill set to reach out
to the youth to reach out to those young
people because when they decide to do
something stupid and I cannot fault them
for doing something stupid I am the king
of doing something stupid I hope that
somebody's there to say yeah I embrace
it but do something stupid
take that adventure in service of
something greater than yourself
so many times the world was changed by
somebody doing something stupid by
taking an adventure by going on an
adventure that just maybe didn't seem
like it needed to be taken we're gonna
have a lot of adventures over the next
few years that have to be done if we
want to set the right tone for the
decades after it's gonna be important I
just hope that
a lot of the youth chooses to be the guy
that got waterboarded rather than
licking ice cream or dancing beside a
car you can change the world or not
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night